[PRA-216] Create release notes for stable release (#202)
canonical/spark-k8s-bundle: docs/reference/releases/revision-3.md

---
myst:
  html_meta:
    description: "Release notes for Charmed Apache Spark revision 3 featuring Apache Kyuubi, enhanced security, Azure support, and observability."
---

(reference-releases-revision-3)=
# Charmed Apache Spark (revision 3)

Mar XX, 2026

We're excited to announce a new stable release for Charmed Spark.

This release includes Apache Kyuubi, the Spark History Server, Spark Integration Hub, Spark Client Snap, Apache Spark OCI Images and a Charmed Spark Terraform Module to deliver a seamless, production-ready and fully open-source datalake experience. The Charmed Apache Spark with Apache Kyuubi is available on [charmhub.io](https://charmhub.io) at the `3.4/stable` and `3.5/stable` channels.

> Charmhub: [3.4/candidate](https://charmhub.io/kyuubi-k8s?channel=3.4/candidate), [3.5/candidate](https://charmhub.io/kyuubi-k8s?channel=3.5/candidate) | [Docs](https://charmhub.io/spark-k8s-bundle) | [Deploy guide](https://charmhub.io/spark-k8s-bundle/docs/h-deploy-kyuubi) | [System requirements](https://canonical.com/data/docs/postgresql/iaas/r-system-requirements)

Author: yes, definitely! Great catch

## Features

### General

- [[DPE-7941](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/DPE-2858)] Add GPU Support
- [[PRA-156](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/PRA-156)] Add ARM support (experimental) - the feature will only be available on candidate risks
- [[PRA-158](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/PRA-158)] Components upgrade:

>   - Spark version: 3.4.4-ubuntu7 and 3.5.7-ubuntu2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Apache Spark version: 3.4.4-ubuntu7 and 3.5.7-ubuntu2
```

- [[PRA-156](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/PRA-156)] Fix broken release check due to multiple platforms (#158)
- [[PRA-152](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/PRA-152)] Serialize asterisk characters when generating resource manifest (#144)
- [[PRA-113](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/PRA-113)] Add a config option to specify custom Spark image (#134)
- [[PRA-30](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/PRA-30)] Add monitored-service-accounts configuration option (#120)
- [[DPE-7840](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/DPE-7840)] Share manifest of the K8s resources over the spark service account relation (#99)

### Spark Client Snap

- [[DPE-7923](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/DPE-7923)] Suppress AWS Java SDK v1 warning message in snap (#131)

### Charmed Spark OCI Images

- [[PRA-158](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/PRA-158)] Component bumps (#217)
- [[DPE-7941](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/DPE-7941)] Add gpu executor pod template to Kyuubi image (#165)
- Download Hive from mirror (#163)
- Perform disk cleanup at the start of all workflows (#190)

> - Run trivy scan on 3.5/edge and 3.4/edge (#151) (#171)

Author: Done!

### Charmed Spark Terraform Module

- [[PRA-163](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/PRA-163)] Remove wrong quote (#191)
- [[DPE-8292](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/DPE-8292)] Add missing offers in Spark 3.5 (#144)
- fix: Pin terraform provider to <1.0.0 (#167)

## Breaking changes

### Spark Integration Hub

- [[PRA-73](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/PRA-73)] Restore Juju 3.6.13+ compatibility (#172)

```{note}
Juju controller versions from `3.9.10` to `3.6.12` are affected by a [regression in Juju](https://github.com/juju/juju/issues/21312) that has been fixed in `3.6.13` that will not claim management over resources when tag appropriately.
Support for Juju `3.6.13+` has been addressed by [this issue](https://github.com/canonical/spark-integration-hub-k8s-operator/issues/119) to now forcefully label 
resources managed by integration hub with `app.kubernetes.io/managed-by=spark8t`.

When using Juju controller versions greater or equal to `3.6.13`, make sure you use a charm revision above `107` for `spark-integration-hub-k8s`. On Juju controller versions lower or equal to `3.6.9`, use charm revisions below `107`.

> ```

Reviewer 2: Suggestion: This note might be better off at the very end in the Compatibility section, after the table.

Author: Yes, I believe this is sensible.

Author: Done

## Documentation improvements

> - Polish the terminology capitalisation (#188)

Author: @copilot could you open a PR embedding the links to the PRs (represented by the various "# <PR NUMBER>" tags) across the document here? Please keep in mind that depending on the section the repo to be used for fetching the PR link is different. Please respect this mapping between the name of the section and the repository to be used:

| Section                        | Repository                                   |
|--------------------------------|----------------------------------------------|
| Kyuubi                         | canonical/kyuubi-k8s-operator                |
| Spark History Server           | canonical/spark-history-server-k8s-operator  |
| Spark Integration Hub          | canonical/spark-integration-hub-k8s-operator |
| Spark Client snap              | canonical/spark-client-snap                  |
| Charmed Spark OCI Images       | canonical/charmed-spark-rock                 |
| Charmed Spark Terraform Module | canonical/spark-k8s-bundle                   |
| Documentation improvements     | canonical/spark-k8s-bundle                   |

| Spark     | Medium   | CVE-2025-68161                                                                                |
| Kyuubi    | High     | CVE-2025-24970, CVE-2025-55163, CVE-2025-66518                                                |
| Kyuubi    | Medium   | CVE-2024-47535, CVE-2025-25193, CVE-2025-58057, CVE-2025-67735, CVE-2025-68161, CVE-2026-1002 |

## Compatibility

|          Component          | Hardware architecture |    Channel    |                                                                                                          Artefact                                                                                                           | Revision | Minimum Juju version | Recommended Juju version |
| :-------------------------: | :-------------------: |:-------------:|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:--------:|:--------------------:|:------------------------:|

> | Apache Spark History Server |         AMD64         |  3/stable     |                                               [Charmed Apache Spark Image]() (Spark version: [3.5.7-ubuntu2](https://launchpad.net/spark-releases/+milestone/3.5.7-ubuntu2))                                                |    94    |      v.3.6.13+       |         v.3.6.14         |

Author: Yes, yes, I just wanted to have the latest links here. I will update once we are very close to final consolidation. I will leave this comment open.

> | Apache Spark History Server |         AMD64         |  3/stable     |                                               [Charmed Apache Spark Image]() (Spark version: [3.5.7-ubuntu2](https://launchpad.net/spark-releases/+milestone/3.5.7-ubuntu2))                                                |    94    |      v.3.6.13+       |         v.3.6.14         |

Author: Updated!

---
myst:
  html_meta:
    description: "Release notes for Charmed Apache Spark revision 3 featuring Apache Kyuubi, enhanced security, Azure support, and observability."
---

(reference-releases-revision-3)=
# Charmed Apache Spark (revision 3)

> Mar XX, 2026

Reviewer 2: Todo: Don't forget to update the date.

Author: updated!

> We're excited to announce a new stable release for Charmed Spark.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We're excited to announce a new stable release for Charmed Apache Spark.
```

Please use 'Apache Spark' throughout, not 'Spark'

> This release includes Apache Kyuubi, the Spark History Server, Spark Integration Hub, Spark Client Snap, Apache Spark OCI Images and a Charmed Spark Terraform Module to deliver a seamless, production-ready and fully open-source datalake experience. The Charmed Apache Spark with Apache Kyuubi is available on [charmhub.io](https://charmhub.io) at the `3.4/stable` and `3.5/stable` channels.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This release includes support for Apache Kyuubi, the Apache Spark History Server, Spark Integration Hub, Apache Spark Client Snap, Canonical security maintained OCI images for Apache Spark and a Charmed Apache Spark Terraform Module to deliver a seamless, production-ready and fully open-source datalake experience. Charmed Apache Spark with Apache Kyuubi is available on [charmhub.io](https://charmhub.io) at the `3.4/stable` and `3.5/stable` channels.
```

Charmhub: [3.4/candidate](https://charmhub.io/kyuubi-k8s?channel=3.4/candidate), [3.5/candidate](https://charmhub.io/kyuubi-k8s?channel=3.5/candidate) | [Docs](https://canonical-charmed-spark.readthedocs-hosted.com/) | [Deploy guide](https://canonical-charmed-spark.readthedocs-hosted.com/main/how-to/deploy/) | [System requirements](https://canonical-charmed-spark.readthedocs-hosted.com/main/reference/requirements/)

## Features

> Below we summarized the features that have been added in this new release, divided into "General" features that provide modifications across the various components of the solutions, and more specific features of the single component. 

Reviewer 2: Suggestion: Let's try to make this intro text shorter.

```suggestion
This release includes general updates across the solution, as well as changes to individual components.
```

### General

- [[DPE-7941](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/DPE-2858)] Add GPU Support. Please refer to the [How to use GPU](/how-to/use-gpu) user guide for more information. 

> - [[PRA-156](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/PRA-156)] Add ARM support (experimental) - the feature will only be available on candidate risks. To deploy on ARM architecture, use `set-model-constraints` when creating models or specify the architecture using `--constraints` at deploy time. More information can be found in the [Advanced Scheduling](/how-to/advanced-scheduling) user guide

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [[PRA-156](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/PRA-156)] Add ARM support (experimental) - the feature will only be available on candidate risks for now. To deploy on ARM architecture, use the juju `set-model-constraints` command line switch when creating juju models or specify the architecture using the juju `--constraints` command line switch at deploy time. More information can be found in the [Advanced Scheduling](/how-to/advanced-scheduling) user guide
```

- [[PRA-158](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/PRA-158)] Components upgrade:
  - Apache Spark version: 3.4.4-ubuntu7 and 3.5.7-ubuntu2
  - Kyuubi version: 1.10.3-ubuntu1 
  - spark8t python library: 1.3.1
  - nvidia spark-rapids: 25.12.0
- [[PRA-73](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/PRA-73)] Update juju version to 3.6.13+
- [[PRA-145](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/PRA-145)] Validation on multiple K8s supported versions (refer to the requirements documentation for more info)
- [[DPE-8681](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/DPE-8681)] Testing and validation for MicroCeph instead of MinIO
- Migrated from DPE to PRA Jira project
- General updates of Python dependencies, craft build tools, CI workflows and Github actions

> ### Kyuubi

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Apache Kyuubi
```

> - [[PRA-158](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/PRA-158)] Kyuubi version update to 1.10.3-ubuntu1

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [[PRA-158](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/PRA-158)] Apache Kyuubi version update to 1.10.3-ubuntu1
```

- [[DPE-8542](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/DPE-8542),[DPE-8549](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/DPE-8549)] Rework health check ([#150](https://github.com/canonical/kyuubi-k8s-operator/pull/150)) ([#151](https://github.com/canonical/kyuubi-k8s-operator/pull/151))
- [[DPE-8342](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/DPE-8342)] Rework metrics alerts ([#142](https://github.com/canonical/kyuubi-k8s-operator/pull/142)) ([#146](https://github.com/canonical/kyuubi-k8s-operator/pull/146))
- [[DPE-8288](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/DPE-8288)] Implement new dashboard from upstream ([#144](https://github.com/canonical/kyuubi-k8s-operator/pull/144)) ([#145](https://github.com/canonical/kyuubi-k8s-operator/pull/145))
- [[DPE-8376](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/PRA-8376)] Charm consolidation ([#147](https://github.com/canonical/kyuubi-k8s-operator/pull/147))

> ### Spark History Server

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Apache Spark History Server
```

- [[PRA-152](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/PRA-152)] Serialize asterisk characters when generating resource manifest ([#144](https://github.com/canonical/spark-integration-hub-k8s-operator/pull/144))
- [[PRA-113](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/PRA-113)] Add a config option to specify custom Spark image ([#134](https://github.com/canonical/spark-integration-hub-k8s-operator/pull/134))
- [[PRA-30](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/PRA-30)] Add monitored-service-accounts configuration option ([#120](https://github.com/canonical/spark-integration-hub-k8s-operator/pull/120))
- [[DPE-7840](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/DPE-7840)] Share manifest of the K8s resources over the spark service account relation ([#99](https://github.com/canonical/spark-integration-hub-k8s-operator/pull/99))
- [[PRA-199](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/PRA-199)[PRA-220](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/PRA-220)] Add support for s3 certificates and fix secret deletion ([#180](https://github.com/canonical/spark-integration-hub-k8s-operator/pull/180))

> ### Spark Client snap

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Apache Spark Client snap
```

- [[DPE-7923](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/DPE-7923)] Suppress AWS Java SDK v1 warning message in snap ([#131](https://github.com/canonical/spark-client-snap/pull/131))

> ### Charmed Spark OCI Images

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Canonical security maintained OCI Images for Apache Spark
```

- [[PRA-158](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/PRA-158)] Component bumps ([#217](https://github.com/canonical/charmed-spark-rock/pull/217))
- [[DPE-7941](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/DPE-7941)] Add gpu executor pod template to Kyuubi image ([#165](https://github.com/canonical/charmed-spark-rock/pull/165))
- [[PRA-189](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/PRA-189)] Check for environment variable expansion ([#221](https://github.com/canonical/charmed-spark-rock/pull/221))
- Download Hive from mirror ([#163](https://github.com/canonical/charmed-spark-rock/pull/163))
- Perform disk cleanup at the start of all workflows ([#190](https://github.com/canonical/charmed-spark-rock/pull/190))
- Run Trivy scan on 3.5/edge and 3.4/edge ([#151](https://github.com/canonical/charmed-spark-rock/pull/151)) ([#171](https://github.com/canonical/charmed-spark-rock/pull/171))

> ### Charmed Spark Terraform Module

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Charmed Apache Spark Terraform Module
```

- [[DPE-7943](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/DPE-7943)] Improve stability of UAT and CI tests ([#142](https://github.com/canonical/spark-k8s-bundle/pull/142))
- [[DPE-7722](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/DPE-7722)] Enable Reference Architecture (AKS) testing ([#136](https://github.com/canonical/spark-k8s-bundle/pull/136)) ([#173](https://github.com/canonical/spark-k8s-bundle/pull/173))
- [[DPE-6777](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/DPE-6777] Demo update based on Kyuubi GA ([#131](https://github.com/canonical/spark-k8s-bundle/pull/131))
- [MISC] Pin cos-configuration-k8s to rev65 on YAML bundle ([#156](https://github.com/canonical/spark-k8s-bundle/pull/156))

## Bug fixes

> Below we summarized the bug fixes that have been added in this new release, divided by the specific components impacted.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion: Let's do the same introduction everywhere.

```suggestion
This release includes bug fixes grouped by component.
```

> ### Spark History Server

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Apache Spark History Server
```

- [[PRA-140](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/PRA-140)] Block charm in case of missing object storage path ([#145](https://github.com/canonical/spark-history-server-k8s-operator/pull/145))

> ### Charmed Spark OCI Images

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Canonical security maintained OCI Images for Apache Spark
```

- [[PRA-134](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/PRA-134)] Add py4j dependency to PYTHONPATH in rock image ([#180](https://github.com/canonical/charmed-spark-rock/pull/180))
- [[PRA-136](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/PRA-136)] Release tag not found ([#182](https://github.com/canonical/charmed-spark-rock/pull/182)) ([#185](https://github.com/canonical/charmed-spark-rock/pull/185)) ([#186](https://github.com/canonical/charmed-spark-rock/pull/186))
- [[PRA-222](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/PRA-222)] Add additional labels to rocks ([#225](https://github.com/canonical/charmed-spark-rock/pull/225))

> ### Charmed Spark Terraform Module

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Charmed Apache Spark Terraform Module
```

- [[PRA-163](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/PRA-163)] Remove wrong quote ([#191](https://github.com/canonical/spark-k8s-bundle/pull/191))
- [[DPE-8292](https://warthogs.atlassian.net/browse/DPE-8292)] Add missing offers in Spark 3.5 ([#144](https://github.com/canonical/spark-k8s-bundle/pull/144))
- fix: Pin terraform provider to <1.0.0 ([#167](https://github.com/canonical/spark-k8s-bundle/pull/167))

## Breaking changes

> Below we summarized the breaking changes introduced by this new release, divided by the specific components impacted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This release includes breaking changes grouped by component.
```

- Add landing pages ([#159](https://github.com/canonical/spark-k8s-bundle/pull/159))
- Add cookie consent request ([#157](https://github.com/canonical/spark-k8s-bundle/pull/157))
- Update the cookie banner design ([#193](https://github.com/canonical/spark-k8s-bundle/pull/193))
- Update spelling to US English ([#196](https://github.com/canonical/spark-k8s-bundle/pull/196))
- Add redirects for RTD docs ([#160](https://github.com/canonical/spark-k8s-bundle/pull/160))
- Update documentation on Security page to reflect new UX ([#158](https://github.com/canonical/spark-k8s-bundle/pull/158))
- Initial documentation migration to RTD ([#148](https://github.com/canonical/spark-k8s-bundle/pull/148))
- Add Kyuubi docs ([#134](https://github.com/canonical/spark-k8s-bundle/pull/134))

## Security

The new artifacts have been fixing the following CVEs:

| Component | Severity | Fixed                                                                                         |
| --------- | -------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | Spark     | High     | CVE-2021-33813, CVE-2024-13009, CVE-2025-12183, CVE-2025-66566                                |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Apache Spark     | High     | CVE-2021-33813, CVE-2024-13009, CVE-2025-12183, CVE-2025-66566                                |
```
Do this through the whole table please

Author: fixed in [00079e5](https://github.com/canonical/spark-k8s-bundle/pull/202/commits/00079e5f0a07f1ef319736a01b0224c75d013497) and [cf58124](https://github.com/canonical/spark-k8s-bundle/pull/202/commits/cf58124d19d0ce42b9c9b3c150cc047ac9eec2be)

|        Apache Kyuubi        |         AMD64         |     3.5/stable      | [Charmed Apache Kyuubi Image](https://github.com/canonical/charmed-spark-rock/pkgs/container/charmed-spark-kyuubi/709279230) (Spark version: [3.5.7-ubuntu2](https://launchpad.net/spark-releases/+milestone/3.5.7-ubuntu2), Kyuubi version: [1.10.3-ubuntu1](https://launchpad.net/kyuubi-releases/1.x/1.10.3-ubuntu1)) |   142    |      v.3.6.13+       |         v.3.6.14         |
|        Apache Kyuubi        |         ARM64         |    3.5/candidate    | [Charmed Apache Kyuubi Image](https://github.com/canonical/charmed-spark-rock/pkgs/container/charmed-spark-kyuubi/709281645) (Spark version: [3.5.7-ubuntu2](https://launchpad.net/spark-releases/+milestone/3.5.7-ubuntu2), Kyuubi version: [1.10.3-ubuntu1](https://launchpad.net/kyuubi-releases/1.x/1.10.3-ubuntu1)) |   143    |      v.3.6.13+       |         v.3.6.14         |

> |      Spark Client Snap      |         AMD64         |     3.4/stable      |                                                                                                              Spark version: [3.4.4-ubuntu7](https://launchpad.net/spark-releases/+milestone/3.4.4-ubuntu7)                                                                                                               |   100    |         N/A          |           N/A            |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|      Apache Spark Client Snap      |         AMD64         |     3.4/stable      |                                                                                                              Spark version: [3.4.4-ubuntu7](https://launchpad.net/spark-releases/+milestone/3.4.4-ubuntu7)                                                                                                               |   100    |         N/A          |           N/A            |
```
Please apply through the whole table

Author: fixed in [00079e5](https://github.com/canonical/spark-k8s-bundle/pull/202/commits/00079e5f0a07f1ef319736a01b0224c75d013497) and [cf58124](https://github.com/canonical/spark-k8s-bundle/pull/202/commits/cf58124d19d0ce42b9c9b3c150cc047ac9eec2be)

|      Spark Client Snap      |         ARM64         |    3.5/candidate    |                                                                                                              Spark version: [3.5.7-ubuntu2](https://launchpad.net/spark-releases/+milestone/3.5.7-ubuntu2)                                                                                                               |    99    |         N/A          |           N/A            |
|  Charmed Spark Base Image   |         AMD64         |  3.4-22.04_stable   |                                                    [Charmed Apache Spark Image](https://github.com/canonical/charmed-spark-rock/pkgs/container/charmed-spark/708922026) Spark version: [3.4.4-ubuntu7](https://launchpad.net/spark-releases/+milestone/3.4.4-ubuntu7)                                                    |   100    |         N/A          |           N/A            |

> |  Charmed Spark Base Image   |         ARM64         | 3.4-22.04_candidate |                                                    [Charmed Apache Spark Image](https://github.com/canonical/charmed-spark-rock/pkgs/container/charmed-spark/708921424) Spark version: [3.4.4-ubuntu7](https://launchpad.net/spark-releases/+milestone/3.4.4-ubuntu7)                                                    |   102    |         N/A          |           N/A            |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|  Charmed Apache Spark Base Image   |         ARM64         | 3.4-22.04_candidate |                                                    [Charmed Apache Spark Image](https://github.com/canonical/charmed-spark-rock/pkgs/container/charmed-spark/708921424) Spark version: [3.4.4-ubuntu7](https://launchpad.net/spark-releases/+milestone/3.4.4-ubuntu7)                                                    |   102    |         N/A          |           N/A            |
```
Please change this through the whole table, thanks

Author: fixed in [00079e5](https://github.com/canonical/spark-k8s-bundle/pull/202/commits/00079e5f0a07f1ef319736a01b0224c75d013497) and [cf58124](https://github.com/canonical/spark-k8s-bundle/pull/202/commits/cf58124d19d0ce42b9c9b3c150cc047ac9eec2be)

|  Charmed Spark Base Image   |         AMD64         |  3.5-22.04_stable   |                                                    [Charmed Apache Spark Image](https://github.com/canonical/charmed-spark-rock/pkgs/container/charmed-spark/709275803) Spark version: [3.5.7-ubuntu2](https://launchpad.net/spark-releases/+milestone/3.5.7-ubuntu2)                                                    |   101    |         N/A          |           N/A            |
|  Charmed Spark Base Image   |         ARM64         | 3.5-22.04_candidate |                                                    [Charmed Apache Spark Image](https://github.com/canonical/charmed-spark-rock/pkgs/container/charmed-spark/709276863) Spark version: [3.5.7-ubuntu2](https://launchpad.net/spark-releases/+milestone/3.5.7-ubuntu2)                                                    |    99    |         N/A          |           N/A            |

> |   Charmed Spark GPU Image   |         AMD64         |  3.4-22.04_stable   |                                                  [Charmed Apache Spark Image](https://github.com/canonical/charmed-spark-rock/pkgs/container/charmed-spark-gpu/708928598) Spark version: [3.4.4-ubuntu7](https://launchpad.net/spark-releases/+milestone/3.4.4-ubuntu7)                                                  |   100    |         N/A          |           N/A            |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|   Charmed Apache Spark GPU Image   |         AMD64         |  3.4-22.04_stable   |                                                  [Charmed Apache Spark Image](https://github.com/canonical/charmed-spark-rock/pkgs/container/charmed-spark-gpu/708928598) Spark version: [3.4.4-ubuntu7](https://launchpad.net/spark-releases/+milestone/3.4.4-ubuntu7)                                                  |   100    |         N/A          |           N/A            |
```
Please change throughout the table

Author: fixed in [00079e5](https://github.com/canonical/spark-k8s-bundle/pull/202/commits/00079e5f0a07f1ef319736a01b0224c75d013497) and [cf58124](https://github.com/canonical/spark-k8s-bundle/pull/202/commits/cf58124d19d0ce42b9c9b3c150cc047ac9eec2be)

|   Charmed Spark GPU Image   |         ARM64         | 3.4-22.04_candidate |                                                  [Charmed Apache Spark Image](https://github.com/canonical/charmed-spark-rock/pkgs/container/charmed-spark-gpu/708927104) Spark version: [3.4.4-ubuntu7](https://launchpad.net/spark-releases/+milestone/3.4.4-ubuntu7)                                                  |   102    |         N/A          |           N/A            |
|   Charmed Spark GPU Image   |         AMD64         |  3.5-22.04_stable   |                                                  [Charmed Apache Spark Image](https://github.com/canonical/charmed-spark-rock/pkgs/container/charmed-spark-gpu/709285355) Spark version: [3.5.7-ubuntu2](https://launchpad.net/spark-releases/+milestone/3.5.7-ubuntu2)                                                  |   101    |         N/A          |           N/A            |

> |   Charmed Spark GPU Image   |         ARM64         | 3.5-22.04_candidate |                                                  [Charmed Apache Spark Image](https://github.com/canonical/charmed-spark-rock/pkgs/container/charmed-spark-gpu/709284268) Spark version: [3.5.7-ubuntu2](https://launchpad.net/spark-releases/+milestone/3.5.7-ubuntu2)                                                  |    99    |         N/A          |           N/A            |

Reviewer 2: Suggestion: This is a big table with some significant additional repetitiveness (due to ARM arch). I think it would benefit if we'd merge some cells with repetitive data, for example - the components. MyST can't do that as far as I know. So we can either use direct HTML here, which is ugly, or we can use rst in a special block. See my suggestion using rst table with merged cells below:

````suggestion
```{eval-rst}
+-----------------------------+-----------------------+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------+----------------------+--------------------------+
| Component                   | Hardware architecture | Channel             | Artefact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | Revision | Minimum Juju version | Recommended Juju version |
+=============================+=======================+=====================+===================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================+==========+======================+==========================+
| Apache Spark History Server | AMD64                 | 3/stable            | `Charmed Apache Spark Image <https://github.com/canonical/charmed-spark-rock/pkgs/container/charmed-spark/709275803>`__ (Spark version: `3.5.7-ubuntu2 <https://launchpad.net/spark-releases/+milestone/3.5.7-ubuntu2>`__)                                                                                                        | 94       | v.3.6.13+            | v.3.6.14                 |
+                             +-----------------------+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------+----------------------+--------------------------+
|                             | ARM64                 | 3/candidate         | `Charmed Apache Spark Image <https://github.com/canonical/charmed-spark-rock/pkgs/container/charmed-spark/709276863>`__ (Spark version: `3.5.7-ubuntu2 <https://launchpad.net/spark-releases/+milestone/3.5.7-ubuntu2>`__)                                                                                                        | 93       | v.3.6.13+            | v.3.6.14                 |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------+----------------------+--------------------------+
| Spark Integration Hub       | AMD64                 | 3/stable            | `Integration Hub Image (11) <https://github.com/canonical/spark-integration-hub-rock/pkgs/container/spark-integration-hub/746474644>`__                                                                                                                                                                                           | 113      | v.3.6.13+            | v.3.6.14                 |
+                             +-----------------------+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------+----------------------+--------------------------+
|                             | ARM64                 | 3/candidate         | `Integration Hub Image (11) <https://github.com/canonical/spark-integration-hub-rock/pkgs/container/spark-integration-hub/746475030>`__                                                                                                                                                                                           | 114      | v.3.6.13+            | v.3.6.14                 |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------+----------------------+--------------------------+
| Apache Kyuubi               | AMD64                 | 3.4/stable          | `Charmed Apache Kyuubi Image <https://github.com/canonical/charmed-spark-rock/pkgs/container/charmed-spark-kyuubi/708924316>`__ (Spark version: `3.4.4-ubuntu7 <https://launchpad.net/spark-releases/+milestone/3.4.4-ubuntu7>`__, Kyuubi version: `1.10.3-ubuntu1 <https://launchpad.net/kyuubi-releases/1.x/1.10.3-ubuntu1>`__) | 140      | v.3.6.13+            | v.3.6.14                 |
+                             +-----------------------+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------+----------------------+--------------------------+
|                             | ARM64                 | 3.4/candidate       | `Charmed Apache Kyuubi Image <https://github.com/canonical/charmed-spark-rock/pkgs/container/charmed-spark-kyuubi/708924974>`__ (Spark version: `3.4.4-ubuntu7 <https://launchpad.net/spark-releases/+milestone/3.4.4-ubuntu7>`__, Kyuubi version: `1.10.3-ubuntu1 <https://launchpad.net/kyuubi-releases/1.x/1.10.3-ubuntu1>`__) | 141      | v.3.6.13+            | v.3.6.14                 |
+                             +-----------------------+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------+----------------------+--------------------------+
|                             | AMD64                 | 3.5/stable          | `Charmed Apache Kyuubi Image <https://github.com/canonical/charmed-spark-rock/pkgs/container/charmed-spark-kyuubi/709279230>`__ (Spark version: `3.5.7-ubuntu2 <https://launchpad.net/spark-releases/+milestone/3.5.7-ubuntu2>`__, Kyuubi version: `1.10.3-ubuntu1 <https://launchpad.net/kyuubi-releases/1.x/1.10.3-ubuntu1>`__) | 142      | v.3.6.13+            | v.3.6.14                 |
+                             +-----------------------+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------+----------------------+--------------------------+
|                             | ARM64                 | 3.5/candidate       | `Charmed Apache Kyuubi Image <https://github.com/canonical/charmed-spark-rock/pkgs/container/charmed-spark-kyuubi/709281645>`__ (Spark version: `3.5.7-ubuntu2 <https://launchpad.net/spark-releases/+milestone/3.5.7-ubuntu2>`__, Kyuubi version: `1.10.3-ubuntu1 <https://launchpad.net/kyuubi-releases/1.x/1.10.3-ubuntu1>`__) | 143      | v.3.6.13+            | v.3.6.14                 |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------+----------------------+--------------------------+
| Spark Client Snap           | AMD64                 | 3.4/stable          | Spark version: `3.4.4-ubuntu7 <https://launchpad.net/spark-releases/+milestone/3.4.4-ubuntu7>`__                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | 100      | N/A                  | N/A                      |
+                             +-----------------------+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------+----------------------+--------------------------+
|                             | ARM64                 | 3.4/candidate       | Spark version: `3.4.4-ubuntu7 <https://launchpad.net/spark-releases/+milestone/3.4.4-ubuntu7>`__                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | 102      | N/A                  | N/A                      |
+                             +-----------------------+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------+----------------------+--------------------------+
|                             | AMD64                 | 3.5/stable          | Spark version: `3.5.7-ubuntu2 <https://launchpad.net/spark-releases/+milestone/3.5.7-ubuntu2>`__                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | 101      | N/A                  | N/A                      |
+                             +-----------------------+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------+----------------------+--------------------------+
|                             | ARM64                 | 3.5/candidate       | Spark version: `3.5.7-ubuntu2 <https://launchpad.net/spark-releases/+milestone/3.5.7-ubuntu2>`__                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | 99       | N/A                  | N/A                      |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------+----------------------+--------------------------+
| Charmed Spark Base Image    | AMD64                 | 3.4-22.04_stable    | `Charmed Apache Spark Image <https://github.com/canonical/charmed-spark-rock/pkgs/container/charmed-spark/708922026>`__ Spark version: `3.4.4-ubuntu7 <https://launchpad.net/spark-releases/+milestone/3.4.4-ubuntu7>`__                                                                                                          | 100      | N/A                  | N/A                      |
+                             +-----------------------+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------+----------------------+--------------------------+
|                             | ARM64                 | 3.4-22.04_candidate | `Charmed Apache Spark Image <https://github.com/canonical/charmed-spark-rock/pkgs/container/charmed-spark/708921424>`__ Spark version: `3.4.4-ubuntu7 <https://launchpad.net/spark-releases/+milestone/3.4.4-ubuntu7>`__                                                                                                          | 102      | N/A                  | N/A                      |
+                             +-----------------------+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------+----------------------+--------------------------+
|                             | AMD64                 | 3.5-22.04_stable    | `Charmed Apache Spark Image <https://github.com/canonical/charmed-spark-rock/pkgs/container/charmed-spark/709275803>`__ Spark version: `3.5.7-ubuntu2 <https://launchpad.net/spark-releases/+milestone/3.5.7-ubuntu2>`__                                                                                                          | 101      | N/A                  | N/A                      |
+                             +-----------------------+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------+----------------------+--------------------------+
|                             | ARM64                 | 3.5-22.04_candidate | `Charmed Apache Spark Image <https://github.com/canonical/charmed-spark-rock/pkgs/container/charmed-spark/709276863>`__ Spark version: `3.5.7-ubuntu2 <https://launchpad.net/spark-releases/+milestone/3.5.7-ubuntu2>`__                                                                                                          | 99       | N/A                  | N/A                      |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------+----------------------+--------------------------+
| Charmed Spark GPU Image     | AMD64                 | 3.4-22.04_stable    | `Charmed Apache Spark Image <https://github.com/canonical/charmed-spark-rock/pkgs/container/charmed-spark-gpu/708928598>`__ Spark version: `3.4.4-ubuntu7 <https://launchpad.net/spark-releases/+milestone/3.4.4-ubuntu7>`__                                                                                                      | 100      | N/A                  | N/A                      |
+                             +-----------------------+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------+----------------------+--------------------------+
|                             | ARM64                 | 3.4-22.04_candidate | `Charmed Apache Spark Image <https://github.com/canonical/charmed-spark-rock/pkgs/container/charmed-spark-gpu/708927104>`__ Spark version: `3.4.4-ubuntu7 <https://launchpad.net/spark-releases/+milestone/3.4.4-ubuntu7>`__                                                                                                      | 102      | N/A                  | N/A                      |
+                             +-----------------------+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------+----------------------+--------------------------+
|                             | AMD64                 | 3.5-22.04_stable    | `Charmed Apache Spark Image <https://github.com/canonical/charmed-spark-rock/pkgs/container/charmed-spark-gpu/709285355>`__ Spark version: `3.5.7-ubuntu2 <https://launchpad.net/spark-releases/+milestone/3.5.7-ubuntu2>`__                                                                                                      | 101      | N/A                  | N/A                      |
+                             +-----------------------+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------+----------------------+--------------------------+
|                             | ARM64                 | 3.5-22.04_candidate | `Charmed Apache Spark Image <https://github.com/canonical/charmed-spark-rock/pkgs/container/charmed-spark-gpu/709284268>`__ Spark version: `3.5.7-ubuntu2 <https://launchpad.net/spark-releases/+milestone/3.5.7-ubuntu2>`__                                                                                                      | 99       | N/A                  | N/A                      |
+-----------------------------+-----------------------+---------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+----------+----------------------+--------------------------+
```
````

P.S. We should check how it looks like in the preview before merging this PR.

Author: tried, but this does not get rendered correctly in the build, see

<img width="836" height="354" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/842a1eee-d1ab-471c-a595-2851e9b2e46e" />

I will revert this

Author: Nevermind. I believe there was an issue when applying the patch you suggested becuase that commit wiped out the table, but not replaced with the suggestion. I have done this manually and it shows up correctly
